c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.exe.config
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.exe
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.pdb
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.g.resources
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.exe
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\ColumnarTransposition.pdb
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\View\ColumnarTranspositionView.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\obj\Debug\View\ColumnarTranspositionView.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.Desktop.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.PubSubEvents.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Composition.xml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Mvvm.xml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.SharedInterfaces.xml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ColumnarTransposition\ColumnarTransposition\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
