c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\bin\Debug\StudentTeacher.exe.config
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\bin\Debug\StudentTeacher.exe
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\bin\Debug\StudentTeacher.pdb
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AddTeacher.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AddStudent.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AddTeacher.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AddStudent.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.g.resources
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.exe
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\StudentTeacher.pdb
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\ViewOrChangeStudent.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\ViewOrChangeStudent.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\ViewOrChangeTeacher.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\ViewOrChangeTeacher.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AllStudents.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AllStudents.g.cs
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AllTeachers.baml
c:\users\yo-yo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StudentTeacher\StudentTeacher\obj\Debug\AllTeachers.g.cs
